#summary A Quick guide to getting started with Flex Time Table Application

=Getting Started=
The home or default page shows the Timetable.  The Timetable can be viewed for either a Qualification, Class Group or Venue. 

 * [#Viewing_Timetable Viewing Timetable] 
 * [#Authentication Authentication]
 * [#Reports Reports]
 * [#Academic_Management Academic Management]
 * [#Space_Management Space Management]
 * [#System_Administration System Administration] 

==Viewing Timetable==
When go to the the application URL, by default, you will see the Timetable View page. On this page you can view a particular Timetable in three ways:
  * By Class
  * By Qualification (Program)
  * By Venue
To select the type you simply need to click the appropriate selection from the Type DropDown Control that is on left side below the Calendar control.  


===By Class===
The default or home page has three sets of objects: 

There is the main timetable window that shows the timetable defined by days of week and predefined time slots of the day.  The timetable window will show the scheduled resources as links in the various timeslots. These resources are abbreviated as the subject code+class group ID+resource index. A resource index indicate the type of resource such as  a lecture, a lab or a tutorial. 

A timeslot for a day can have zero, one or more resources. Clicking on the link in a timeslot which has at least one resource will cause a new window to be displayed. This provides the details for the resources in the timeslots.    

For each resource the following details will be provided.

  * Qualification Details
  * Subject Details
  * Class Group Details
  * Resource details  
  * Venue Details 
  * Lecturer Details (This only be viewed when you are logged in)

On the left side there is a calender object which allows for the selection of the specific date for the Timetable.   By default the current date is selected.  

Below the calender they are several drop down boxes that allow you to select timetable based on Qualification, Class Group or Venue.

When Qualification is selected; You will need to select the Site Cluster, The Qualification and the Qualification Level

When Class Group is selected; You need to select the Site Cluster, the subject and the class group.  

When a venue is select is selected; You need to select the site cluster, the site and the room.  

You are required to click the Display Button once the specific timetable parameters are selected.  The timetable will show the details for that timetable type.


==Authentication==
==System Administration==
==Space Management==
==Academic Management== 